Restructure Project (#41)
Concordium/concordium-node-sdk-js: packages/web/README.md

# concordium-web-sdk

[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.0-4baaaa.svg)](https://github.com/Concordium/.github/blob/main/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Wrappers for interacting with the Concordium node, for the web environment.

## Building for a release
To build the package run
```
yarn build
```

> This builds the [common package](../common), and compiles the project in to javascript. Then it uses webpack to create a single, pure-js file, which is put in dist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This builds the [common package](../common), and transpiles the project to javascript. Then it uses webpack to create a single, pure-js file, which is put in dist.
```

# concordium-web-sdk

[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.0-4baaaa.svg)](https://github.com/Concordium/.github/blob/main/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Wrappers for interacting with the Concordium node, for the web environment.

## Building for a release
To build the package run
```
yarn build
```

> This transpiles the project to javascript. Then it uses webpack to create a single, pure-js file, which is put in dist.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This transpiles the project to Javascript, wherefter webpack is used to create a single pure Javascript file which is put in the `lib` directory.
```

Note that the dependent packages must already have been built. To easily do this, build from the package root instead.

## Publishing a release
Before publishing a new release it is essential that it has been built first. So make sure that 
you have just built the up-to-date code you want to publish. To publish the release run
```
yarn publish
```

> and step through the steps precented to you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and step through the steps presented to you.
```
